For those who have skipped the previous season, let me give you an overview of what we have done so
far here in our bicycle database via one schema that is university and inside that we are one table
that is student and that is having two records.
Now the ones being given an insight that we have one entity class, which is representing the student
table, OK?
And for this entity class, we are one repository that is student repository.
We have developed a couple of apps using the controller.
That is one controller.
And this is very simple IPAs.
OK, like getting all the students getting by Idi Couriered updated daily does one.
How using this data DP.
Let me go to our service here.
See did by calling the meter fined by the unfeigned board.
OK using this student repository?
Don't worry.
Along with this lecture, you will get the source code OK so you can download it and import in your
local machine.
So this is what we have done so far.
Now let's move ahead.
So let's come to our problem statement, OK?
That why we need to go forward a spring date arrest.
OK, so let's have a look at here what we are doing, OK?
We are very busy and simple recipes, OK for our current operations.
And if we go to our service here, we don't have any business logic.
Very simple, OK.
We are saving the record or updating the record, leading the record, or we are getting by it or getting
all the records.
OK.
So this is without any business logic.
But still, we need to write this piece of code right in our controller, having the mapping at the
DB meter and inside the inside service, this piece of code.
So very simple APIs.
But still, we need to write this piece of code.
So here comes spring day to rest.
OK, so spring the provides out of the configuration.
All these things having the APIs that mappings and their TDP methods.
We don't need controller and service layer while working with spring guitarist.
Yes, you will understand this in the upcoming lectures.
OK?
But this is our problem statement that when you have the busy IPAs, OK, basically for your crud operations,
then why?
We need to hold this piece up for this one controller and this student service so that you can go for
spring guitarist.
And that's what we will cover in the upcoming lectures.
OK.
So this is our problem statement.
So what we will do will be having this spring board application aside so that we can compare it with
the spring data research application that we are going to develop in the upcoming lectures.
OK.
So we will be having this spring wood application outside, and in the next lecture, we will create
another spring wood application with spring day to rest.
So from the next lecture, we will get started with the spring guitarist.
That's all for now, and we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.